Valery's And Mallory's Issues (#25)
tlswg/draft-deprecate-obsolete-kex: draft-ietf-tls-deprecate-obsolete-kex.md

--- abstract

> This document deprecates the use of RSA key exchange and Diffie Hellman over a finite field in (D)TLS 1.2, and discourages the use of static elliptic curve Diffie Hellman cipher suites.

Author: ```suggestion
For (D)TLS 1.3, this document the use of two key exchanges, namely Diffie-Hellman over
a finite field and RSA, and it discourages the use of static elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman
cipher suites.
```

> Note that these prescriptions apply only to (D)TLS 1.2 since (D)TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 are

Author: ```suggestion
These prescriptions apply only to (D)TLS 1.2 since (D)TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 are
```
